(upbeat electronic music)
- [Man] Hey everybody!
We're back today with another awesome
"My Little Pony" PlayDoh surprise egg!
- [Woman] And we're really
excited to share with you
that we've found a whole
case of the "Wave 8
"My Little Pony" blind bags.
Today we're opening 12 of the 24 bags
and we're hoping to get
every pony in the collection.
Before we get started,
here's a closer look at
all the ponies you can
collect in this series.
- [Man] I think I'd most like to see
Flam and Flim Skim.
- [Woman] Yeah, they look really cool.
And I would love to
see this Gardenia Glow.
She looks really awesome.
- [Man] So before we get started,
let's take a closeup
look at our rarity egg.
Look at those blue eyes!
- [Woman] I just love
the curls in her mane!
- [Man] Yeah, that's awesome.
Okay, let's get started!
(upbeat electronic music)
Okay, here's a look at
all of our "Wave 8" bags
that we're gonna open today.
- [Woman] Yay!
Alright, I'm gonna start out
today and here's a closer look at the bag.
It says they are neon-bright
and there are 24 to collect.
And we were really hoping,
since we have a full case,
that we'll able to collect
all of these ponies.
(package rustling)
Let's see who we get first.
And first step we have
Twilight Sparkle!
Cool!
And it says, "Twilight Sparkle
"loves learning with her friends".
Let's see what she looks like.
Awesome, they're see through!
(upbeat electronic music)
- [Man] Okay, let's see who I get!
(package rustling)
Royal Riff!
It says, "makes up songs to
sing together with friends".
Cool!
I like Royal Riff.
Look at the blue!
- [Woman] Yeah, electric blue!
- [Man] That's got musical
notes as the cutie mark.
Very cool!
- [Woman] I can't wait to see what this
Fluttershy looks like.
She is my favorite pony.
(package rustling)
Cool, Apple Jack!
It says, "Apple Jack is honest,
"friendly and sweet to the core".
Those are important qualities
to have in a friend.
(package rustling)
Wow!
- [Man] Wow, that is really neon!
- [Woman] Yeah!
I really like this orange.
- [Man] Yeah, very vibrant.
- [Woman] And there are her
little apple cutie marks.
Awesome.
(upbeat electronic music)
(package rustling)
- [Man] Okay and up next we have
Princess Cadance!
It says, "likes to spend
time helping others".
That's nice.
(package rustling)
Woah!
- [Woman] Wow, I love that neon pink!
- [Man] Yeah, that is awesome!
And she's a little unicorn.
(upbeat electronic music)
(package rustling)
- [Woman] Oh, I got the
one you were looking for.
- [Man] Oh no!
- [Woman] It's Flim Skim.
And the card says,
"Flim Skim of the Flim Flam
Brothers loves to sing".
(package rustling)
Aw, this pony is adorable!
- [Man] Yeah, I like that a lot.
Look at his shirt!
(woman giggling)
- [Woman] His cool hat
and his little black bow-tie.
(package rustling)
- [Man] 'Kay, next we have Sunny Rays.
And Sunny Rays has a lot
of bright ideas to share.
And look at all those different colors;
purple, pink and then the orange.
Then there's her sunny rays cutie marks.
- [Woman] I'm really excited.
We haven't gotten any duplicates so far.
Maybe we will get all 24.
Next up we have Skywishes.
And it says, "Skywishes has
big dreams and never gives up".
And that's important!
You can't give up; just keep trying!
(package rustling)
And she has a kite for a cutie mark.
(upbeat electronic music)
Really cute.
(package rustling)
- [Man] Woah, awesome!
Next up we have Big Mcintosh.
And it says he's a very
gentle and wise pony.
(package rustling)
- [Woman] Wow!
- [Man] Yeah, that is cool.
Look at those colors.
And look at those green eyes.
Love those eyes.
(upbeat electronic music)
(package rustling)
- [Woman] Okay, next up
we have Mosely Orange.
And it says he loves
to have fancy parties.
How fun!
And it's funny is we just
opened Big Mc and they look the same.
He just has different colors.
- [Man] Yup, definitely
came from the same mold.
- [Woman] Yeah.
(package rustling)
- [Man] Alright, we got Flam!
And it says, "Flam of the
"Flim Flam Brothers loves apple cider".
Mmm, I like apple cider too!
- [Woman] Mhm!
- [Man] And look at that mustache!
What a cool guy.
(packaging rustling)
- [Woman] I'm really
loving his mane and tail.
- [Man] Yeah, I like his mustache.
(man laughing)
- [Woman] Yeah.
- [Man] And his bow-tie.
(package rustling)
- [Woman] Who do we have next?
Oh, Flower Wishes!
And it says, "Flower
Wishes grows flowers in
"every color of the rainbow".
Wow!
(package rustling)
And I have to say I love
the colors of this pony.
I love the hot pink with the bright green.
- [Man] Yeah, that's a good contrast.
- [Woman] This is probably one of my
favorite set I've opened today.
- [Man] Okay, let's see who we get in our
last bag for today.
(package rustling)
And we got Lotus Blossom!
It says, "helps her friends
feel calm and relaxed".
Ooh, that's really awesome too!
- [Woman] Yeah, I love the color contrast!
- [Man] And she's got a little
headband on and a necklace.
Very cool!
Well that's it for today guys!
We hope you guys enjoyed
part one of our "Wave 8" pony collection.
- [Woman] Please leave us a comment
and let us know which pony we
opened today is your favorite.
With all of these awesome neon colors,
it's really hard to choose
but I'd have to say for me
it's between Flower Wishes
and Princess Cadance.
- [Man] Yeah and for
me it's definitely the
Flim and Flam Brothers.
- [Woman] Yeah.
- [Man] And if you guys like this video
and wanna see us do part two,
make sure you hit the thumbs up button.
- [Woman] If you're new to our channel,
we'd love it if you would subscribe.
- [Man] Thanks so much for joining us!
- [Woman] We'll see you next time guys.
- [Both] Bye!